The one and only producer of cotton yarn in Macedonia. Recycled cotton, Natural products, Flexible production - we accept both large and small orders. Suitable geographic position of Skopje and Macedonia, well- connected to all European destinations.

AZUR produces high- quality fleckers, kitchen towels, towels, terry sheets and Pike. Our products are made of finest cotton. We started production of open-end cotton yarn Nm =10 up to Nm=40


In addition to the payment in full, we may offer you schedule payments over time, or have you define the payment terms that best work for your particular situation.


Our team constantly search what is modern in the market and always emproving our products.


Our weaving line offers a wide range of products such as: fleckers, kitchen towels, terry towels and terry covers, as well as chanille covers with the possibility of variable length, width and weight.


We are a prime Open End Yarn Manufacturer and Exporter from Macedonia. We manufacture a superior quality Open End Yarn. We also wholesale Open End Yarns, which are really master in their category, and available with us on very economical quotes and also involved in supply of optimum quality Open End Yarn. We are far famed as one of the leading Open End Yarn Supplier in the the region.We produce Open End Yarn in the count range from Nm 10 to Nm 40


This is our latest product that is most popular and wanted from all our costumers.


AZUR is a company for production of textile products which has been working since 1991. We started with weaving “ yambolias” (a traditional Macedonian woolen cover) in small number but, in few years (in 1996), we built a new building (4 500 m2) and started production on a large scale. We also enlarged our assortment with various products


The one and only producer of cotton yarn in Macedonia. Recycled cotton, Natural products, Flexible production ( we accept both large and small orders ). Suitable geographic position of Skopje and Macedonia, well- connected to all European destinations.


Our team is highly dedicated and professional, a combination of youth and experience , and that is why we have great results.



Our motto is: “The lowest price for the highest quality”. We produce natural products made of cotton, products made from recycled cotton, we care for people`s health and well-being and protect nature at the same time.



AZUR produces high- quality flekers, kitchen towels, towels, terry sheets and Pike. Our products are made of finest cotton. In September 2011 we started production of open-end cotton yarn, with numeration Nm =10 up to Nm=40 for our own production and for sale too.


